---
excerpt: 'But the most exciting and'
speaker:
  name: Walt Disney
  picture: '/assets/images/Walt_Disney_1946_cropped_100x100.JPG'
ogImage:
  url: '/assets/images/Walt_Disney_1964_cropped_512x512.jpg'
releaseDate: '2023-09-02'
---

'"But the most exciting and by far the most important part of our Florida project... in fact, the heart of everything we'll be doing in Disney World... . will be our Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow! We call it EPCOT. EPCOT will be an experimental prototype community of tomorrow that will take its cue from the new ideas and new technologies that are now emerging from the creative centers of American industry. It will be a community. of tomorrow that will never be completed, but will always be introducing and testing and demonstrating hew materials and systems. And EPCOT will always be a showcase to the world for the ingenuity and imagination of American free enterprise. I don't believe there's a challenge anywhere in the world that's more important to people everywhere than finding solutions to the problems of our cities. But where do we begin... how do we start answering this great challenge? Well, we're convinced we must start with the public need. And the need is for starting from scratch on virgin land and building a special kind of new community. So that's what EPCOT is .. an experimental prototype community that will always be in a state of becoming. It will never cease to be a living blueprint of the future, where people actually live a life they can't find anywhere else in the world. Everything in EPCOT will be dedicated to the happiness of the people who will live, work, and play here... and to those who come here from all around the world to visit our living showcase. We don't presume to know all the answers. In fact, we're counting on the cooperation of American industry to provide their best thinking during the planning and creation of our Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow. And most important of all, when EPCOT has become a reality and we find the need for technologies that don't even exist today, it's our hope that EPCOT will stimulate American industry to develop new solutions that will meet the needs of people expressed right here in this experimental community."'
